Herolab: TIANXIA for FATE Core

Tianxia and Tianxia: Blood, Silk & Jade and all associated text, characters, kung fu rules, and setting information are copyright 2013 and 2016 James Dawsey and Vigilance Press. The text from Tianxia: Blood, Silk & Jade is used with permission from James Dawsey for the purposes of creating and sharing characters with Hero Lab. If you wish to use any of our text in other applications or publications, please contact James Dawsey at: james@jamesdawsey.com

The included Hero Lab rules file is created and distributed by Thomas Clegg. You may contact him with errata by email at tn_clegg@lycos.com or by messaging user TCArknight on the wolflair forums (http://forums.wolflair.com/index.php). 

You are free to distribute this Hero Lab rules file as long as there is no charge applied, and this readme file is distributed with it.

This is the implementation of the Tianxia ruleset for Fate Core in Hero Lab.

How do I make a Tianxia Character?
1) open the Character -> Configure Hero window to display a list of the systems you may have installed.
2) Select the Tianxia - Blood, Silk and Jade entry under the Tianxia header beneath the User Content settings. (This will cause the Campaign dropdown to display "<Select Me>" )
3) Click on the Campaign dropdown and select the Tianxia Campaign. This will enable the additional Kung Fu tab for the hero as well as set the Refresh Rate and other Tianxia-specific settings.

At this point, you can build your Hero as you would any other. The difference is the availability of the Kung Fu tab where Martial Art Forms and Techniques are selected. 

Kung Fu Tab - 
This tab is separated into three areas. At the top the current Movement for the character (in zones) is listed, as well as the Jianghu Rank. In the middle of the tab, any Kung Fu Forms the character may have chosen are listed, and at the bottom the Techniques selected for those forms. Forms and Techniques are built using the existing Stunt mechanism in Herolab.

Until a Form is chosen, all Techniques will be invalid.

Fixed Issues:

Known Issues:
